#### I do not own any of the text, images or videos used in this project, Images were sourced from unsplash.com, ign.com and the call of duty official site, videos were sourced from youtube. Text was generated by chatgpt. They are used purely as a portfolio piece for a coursework project.

#### Link to Render Site [click here](https://Frameworks_project.onrender.com)
`need to cmd + click on the above link`

#### Link to GithubRepo [click here](https://github.com/Emmaf97/Frameworks_project)
`need to cmd + click on the above link`

# Django Project for Call of Duty Zombies Fansite
## Goal of project
### To allow people to post threads on how to complete Zombie Easter Eggs or how to play maps to higher rounds.


# Creating Virtual Environment
## create virtual environment by using the:
`python3 -m venv name_of_environment`
## Activate the environment using the:
`source name_of_environemnt/bin/activate`
## then install packages as required.
`e.g. pip install flask`
will install the flask package and its other dependencies.

## Feature 1
#### --- Post ---
Users can upload a post to the forum, they can then edit or delete this post.

## Feature 2
#### --- Form Validation ---
Contact form has validation on the input fields. Some fields only allow text, some allow only numbers, some require certain length and specific characters (email address with @ format correct email ending e.g. gmail)

## Feature 3
#### -- Login/Signup ---
The user can login and signup using the login and signup forms. This is stored in a database(Postgresql).

## Feature 4
#### --- Customisable User Profiles  ---
Users can update their name profile picture and contact information using forms provided.(Username, Email and Profile Picture)


